I am ready. I am ready to rip ass. Am I
crazy or is this challenge really hard
according to people? 100 nuggets seems
extremely easy. And then I looked up
online and apparently this is considered
very very very hard. I feel like I
[__] got this to be honest with you.
I'm just like not Come on. Look at me.
Look at me. Come on. Feel like I'm going
to [__] annihilate this. And I'm
totally fine being embarrassed if I get
to like 50. I'm like a it's so hard. My
life is so hard. I'm so full. You know,
I'm willing to take that embarrassment.
Like, I'll take the L. But I do feel
confident enough at this point that I'm
going to talk [__]
[cheering]
Oh, thank you. I don't want that. But
wait, hold on. Are you going to have
soda? Why would you have soda during
this?
I made a breaking I made a breaking
news.
>> I made breaking news. Okay. All right.
We'll be starting shortly. Uh, now that
we've got our nugies, ladies and
gentlemen, today we attempt a
timehonored challenge. a challenge that
all Americans have to go out and face at
some point in their life before they're
accepted back into their community. You
go out, you buy a hundred nuggets and
you eat them all. As far as I can tell,
there's no definitive timeline for this.
So, we're giving ourselves 2 and 1/2
hours. I think I can absolutely crush
this in less than that. I have no idea
what Parker's intention here is. That is
it. That's the rule. 100 nuggets by
yourself in one sitting. You can use
sauce if you want, but that's stupid
because it adds a lot of extra calories.
So, I will be using sauce as needed. The
problem is not calories. The problem is
volume. Calories will harm you later on.
So like tomorrow, you'll care about the
calories. But for today, calories don't
matter. It's just the volume of stuff in
your stomach.
>> You can't wait for the vomit. Oh, if you
vomit, disqualified. But I think, hold
on. If I vomit tonight, is that okay?
Like 5 hours after. Can't vomit ever
again or it's disqualified. [laughter]
Okay. At any point in the future ever,
if I vomit, this is disqualified. I
don't think that's how it works. I think
if I vomit tonight, that's okay.
Personally, ladies and gentlemen, we are
beginning the 100 nugget challenge
starting in five. Please countdown in
chat. Three, five, four, go.
>> That was not a countdown.
>> One.
But you're starting with sauce.
>> I'm insane.
>> This is a meal. Now that I'm like
actually seeing it, I'm less confident
in my ability to actually finish this.
>> I am more confident.
>> Doug, I salute your heart for what it's
going to go through in this challenge.
>> I'm going to be fine. I'm fine. It's
probably not going to kill me.
This will be healthier than I'll have
what he's having cuz this is relatively
low in like stuff that you don't want to
eat and very high protein. Lower sodium,
higher protein, lower saturated fat. You
survived I'll have what he's having. So,
you will survive this.
>> I will say this is already a lot harder
than I expected.
>> This is precisely as difficult as I
expected so far.
>> Oh, all right. One down.
Use [music] an hydraulic press to make
one super nugget out of the 100 and eat
it in one bite.
>> I will eat 10 in one bite. I'll do that
next.
>> Hey, Doug, can we get a chubby bunny
with those nuggets? Who has the bigger
mouth cavity?
>> No, you can fit more nuggets in their
mouth.
>> No. [laughter] Why not? That will not
result in any bad PDF.
>> Peel the damn skin.
>> I don't want to peel the skin. That's
gross. It's just I just want to eat it.
It's not a living thing. It's not skin.
Is it cheating to eat the nuggets
uncircumcised or do you have to eat it
all?
>> Full, uncut, skin on. Okay, dude. If you
peel it, it's grosser. Now I'm like I'm
staring directly at this like weird
chicken paste.
>> Yeah, it's a chicken nugget. It's
chicken product. M delicious. Why are
you going to the bathroom?
>> You imagine I'm just like every couple
seconds I'm like, "Oh, let me blow my
nose, guys."
Oh, man. And then like you can hear it.
It's like very obvious. I'm at 28.
>> You two should weigh each other
afterward [music] to see how much weight
and nuggets you have consumed. Whoever
gains the most wins.
>> That's a good idea. But then what if
Parkser poops midway through and then
you can beat me? That's not fair. You
weigh the poop as well. Okay. So if
either one of us poops, you got to weigh
it. There's 30.
Yo, can I get some hype for the mega
nug? That's right, chat. We're going to
jam 10 of these together into one thing.
>> Doug, I need to eat 100 nuggets. Per,
what? That seems stupid. Doug, what? No,
it's for content. It's silly. Please do
it. Please, please, Peru. Only if I get
to spread my juicy sauce all over them.
>> Wait, what? How about what the [__] is
this thing? Oh, I'm sorry. I SCAMMED
YOU.
[screaming] OH,
>> hello Doug. I just wanted to
congratulate Markiplier on his wedding.
I know you are here coward. I listen to
your podcast and know you are a fan.
>> Markiplier got married. Did you go? Why
not? You didn't go to your bff
Markiplier's wedding.
>> Mark was going to invite me, but he knew
that when they said, "Does anyone here
object?" I would stand up and try to
stop the wedding so I could marry Mark.
I'm officially at 40. My stomach feels
bad and I would really like to stop
eating, which I'm concerned about cuz
that's a lot earlier than I was
expecting this.
>> I'm fine. I'm eating lunch. I guess I'll
see how I feel when I also get to 40.
[music]
>> Yeah.
>> Peel the skin off and eat it in one big
skin. Then can let the rest of the
chicken live. [laughter]
>> That's so gross. I don't want to. I am
officially using a emergency sauce.
>> I am dipping some honey mustard, but
only a bit. Who's a tennis player? is
like the the best ever. He said a thing
where after he became number one in the
world, he worked so hard and he trained
so intensely that after a year of
non-stop brutal training that Novak took
one corner of a piece of chocolate after
winning a championship, he said he
allowed it to melt on his tongue. He
savored the flavor and that was the one
treat he gave himself. Dude is insanely
hardcore. That's how I view honey
mustard. All right, I get a tiny little
bit and then I go back to winning and
being a champion. That sounds like a
horrible idea.
>> Doug, have you shown Parks the awesome
Chinese propaganda song? He needs to
know.
>> Yes, I've been playing it a lot. Don't
worry, we should PLAY THAT. LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN, I'M OFFICIALLY AT 47 48 49 50
NUGGETS. HALFWAY THERE. WOO! PARKS, are
you stoked?
Wow, that I don't WANT TO DO THAT.
OH, I'M SORRY, CHIEF. [laughter] [__]
That was a joke, Chi. I'm sorry. All
right, let's keep going.
>> I'm actually pretty full already.
>> I told you right around the 40 mark at
you.
>> Right. No, it's pretty pretty rough.
My 60th nugget.
[music]
>> All right, no more celebrating. Back to
work. Don't pace yourself. Okay, so
actual strategy. I do not think it's a
good idea to pace myself. That makes it
harder, not easier.
>> This split is insane. You [music] did 50
nuggets in sub 30 minutes. You got to
upload this to the speedrunning [music]
site.
>> But even if they don't have a nugget
eating category, I'll just submit it to
Mario 64. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7.
What is 67? Why do people spam that?
It's just a funny number on the
internet. Is there any humor or meaning
behind it at all? Literally just a
number. I would love to be able to find
joy in things like that. Like, it's kind
of hard for me to find things that
stimulate my brain and make me feel
gratified with life. And I wish that I
was 14 and seeing the numbers six and
then seven like really did it for me.
>> Why are you making fun of children?
>> I'm not making fun of them. I'm s I
sincerely wish that. I have like severe
anxiety. I would It would be awesome if
seeing two numbers made ME BE LIKE,
"YEAH." LIKE THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
>> Has the age of your viewership gone
down? No, it's gone up.
>> How is that possible? I feel like the
age of your audience over the past 3
years has gone down.
>> I think there's been more of a culture
of people spamming stupid [__] in chat,
which makes it feel younger.
>> Maybe they're just stupider.
>> They got older and dumber.
>> Funny enough, the only times that I've
like actually had recent pleasant
conversations with adults in your
community was at TwitchCon when they
went to your meet and greet.
>> Yeah. In person. Everybody's great.
Yeah, that's what I mean.
>> I mean, that that is not correct. When I
am together with you, everyone is great.
When I am alone and people recognize me
from you, that is not great.
>> Wait, so you're saying people act dumber
around you?
>> Yes.
>> Oh, that's funny.
>> That is That's so annoying.
>> I mean, yes.
>> Like I So, first of all,
>> while being very funny,
>> at this point, I can tell what people
know me from.
>> Parkser is stalling.
>> Oh, I mean, yes. Abs. Yeah, I absolutely
am stalling. I'm so full. I'm suddenly
full. It's It's like the thing where
you're supposed to So Doug's strategy
technically I knew that this strategy
was unsustainable because I would not be
able to finish 100 nuggets within 20 to
25 minutes.
>> Okay, really quick. I'm not I don't want
to be rude. I just
>> 70.
>> If you cram 60, that's fine, but you
still have 40 left to go. Are you trying
to exercise your calories off?
>> Is there a fat Albert, too?
>> What' you call me? The little bar at the
bottom said Fat Albert 2 is out.
>> Fat Albert dies. Bill Cosby is in jail.
>> Who's that?
>> Do you actually not know who Bill Cosby
is?
>> Isn't that a singer?
>> No. Wait. Do you actually not know who
Bill Cosby is? He's like a comedian/
family show creator who turned out to be
like a horrific person.
>> Okay, first of all, who who is the is
there a musician also named Bill Cosby?
Oh, Bing Crosby. Bing Crosby. Okay.
>> Wait. Have you in conversations been
saying like, "Oh, yeah. I like listening
to Bill Cosby recently."
>> Well, no. I don't I talk about neither
Bing Crosby nor Bill Cosby.
>> You should open up conversations. Be
like, "Yeah, no. I'm a big fan of Bill
Cosby.
>> Can I say something a little
controversial? I think women belong in
the kitchen."
>> Okay.
>> A top a tiger with their husband below
them in chains. They have the collar in
their hands. 10 dwarves line the walls
of the kitchen. Each hour they cook a
succulent meal and present it to the
woman. If the woman doesn't like it,
they're executed on the spot. At 8:30
exactly, a scribe enters the room and
asks the woman, "What are your battle
plans for tonight, my lord?" She's
already taken over four countries.
Tonight, a fifth will fall. By the end
of the year, the entire world will be
under the dominion of the woman. That's
where a woman belongs.
You tell me you don't want to be a top a
tiger with your husband in chains having
people lining the walls giving you
succulent dishes every hour. Come on.
Why is her husband in chains? Because
she's the woman ruler of the universe.
Did we not make this clear? Ultimate
power in the universe. I'm very
[laughter] full. Okay. I feel about as
full as I did at 40. I have not changed
my feeling at all. So, I'm going to I
think I'm just going to try to speedrun
through this before my body is like whoa
whoa whoa. No, no, no, no. Okay, it's
getting bad.
>> That's the downside of cramming nuggets
is that now you may suddenly vomit.
>> Would be a shame if a second 9/11
happened while you were doing this and
you had to start over.
>> You're suggesting that 9/11 would happen
and we would start over. Is that that
would be our reaction? What? What
connection does that have to this? Why
would that be what we would do? I'm
sorry, Sappa. I missed your message. I
was thinking about 9/11. I do think I'm
going to beat this challenge. By the
way,
>> I don't. I am now categorically certain
that I will [laughter] not be able to
eat 100 chicken nuggets, dude.
>> Dude, I have an idea. What if you get to
67? Then everybody check and spam it.
>> When did you suddenly become 12?
>> Oh, I've got nugget brain. What do you
think? We both just cram seven in our
mouth right now.
>> No, [laughter] I'm not cramming.
>> Why not?
>> If I do that, there is a nonzero chance
I will projectile vomit into I mean, I'm
sure Twitch chat would love this uh into
your mouth.
That is not correct.
>> I'll eat all 200 nuggets. Give them to
me.
>> Dude, I think we just [__] blast our
mouth, bro.
>> You're literally getting younger and
[laughter] younger. I've got I've got
nugget brain, man.
>> So, look right now. Here's the
situation. Lost my train of thought.
>> Why don't you just try cramming six in
your mouth with me?
>> I'm not going to cram anything in my
mouth.
How many was that?
>> How many would you have if you added one
more?
Doug, please. Your chat is waiting on
it. You must say the
>> I can't I can't
>> You must say the 300 IQ phrase.
>> This is 80.
>> As a several years Duke Dug viewer, I
can confirm the cognitive decline is
real and there will be a class action
lawsuit [music] in the future.
>> You guys have CTE from fighting in the
chat here. Let me let me pitch a theory.
The theory that chat has gotten dumber.
I don't actually think that's true. I
think that the chat has gotten bigger.
So, if you have 10 people in a room and
nine of them are screaming like children
and one of them is saying interesting
stuff, you can still sort of hear the
person saying interesting stuff.
>> That wasn't the case though. Your chat
was like was like 50% idiots and 50%
like smart people.
>> Oh, I don't agree with that. And I know
cuz I would always look at other
streamers and be like, "Why is my
percentage of spam so high?"
>> I've always hated Twitch chat, but your
Twitch chat 3 years, three, four years
ago,
>> you love them. I don't quite love them,
but they have vastly improved my
impression of the overall idea of Twitch
chat.
>> Look, I love my Twitch chat and I would
never say anything bad about them to
their face. I mean, yeah, it was really
I got annoyed at [__] too. And [music]
but it's it's it's never been like
great. It's honestly never been great,
but there's always been a lot of really
funny people mixed in. Who [laughter]
said that?
See, there's great messages. Don't
worry, chat. He's not talking about you.
It's that other guy. [laughter]
Doug, this breaks my heart. If your
heart is broken, you individually can
contribute to change by telling a funny
[music] joke in chat.
>> Write a funny joke right now and then
Parker's mind will be changed
permanently.
>> Somebody said Doug is bald. You just
like set us back like 5 years.
>> I don't know why, but I find the bald
thing to [laughter]
>> You're the [__] reason. You are it.
You are a 30. How old are you?
>> I'm 33. You are a 33-year-old man who
finds it hilarious to call me bald
because
>> you're proving the point. It's not
children. It's adults who are idiots
like me.
>> You are one of the hairiest people I
know.
>> Yeah. And presumably they're aware of
that as well. So that you have the exact
same sense of humor here. And you're
shocked when they say bald in chat.
>> No, I don't care about if they spam bald
in chat. It's fine.
>> Okay. So other other things though like
well obviously you should spam bald all
the time, but other things how dare they
spam.
>> Okay. The bald thing I think
>> you are proving the point.
>> Hold on. The bald I believe is like
[music] so stupid that it has like
fallen off the scale and then like
looped around to being funny because
like you're you have so much hair
everywhere.
>> Thank you.
>> Where else? Sorry, you don't have to
answer that.
>> Uh everywhere except for your crotch
area which I would not know about that
>> until now.
>> No, until never.
>> Oh, sorry.
>> I will never know.
>> I sorry I was kind of reading the room
differently than
>> Were you about to vomit? Your facial
expression looks like you're about to
vomit.
>> That face was cringe. That's just how I
look. Dude, you can't say [laughter]
that.
>> Hello, Mr. [music] Parker. I recognize
you from Douglas. Douglas, I would like
to have a brain dead conversation with
you that leads to nothing.
>> What if somebody said that to you at a
convention? I would like to have a brain
dead conversation with you.
>> I would immediately know someone from
your community.
>> Would you have the brain dead
conversation?
>> I I make it seem like I hate these
interactions, which I on the inside I
do. Like if somebody just runs up to me
and like just like spews Dougdug spam at
me in person and leaves, I do hate it.
>> If you're having a conversation with
Archer and you're wondering if he hates
the conversation, he's upset, one of the
easy giveaways, his ears turn red and
steam starts shooting out of them like a
cartoon.
>> That is not correct.
>> These are terrible. Now, by the way, the
fact that they're
>> these like room temperature at this
point.
>> Yeah. Stop the timer and bake them in
the oven. You can't just do that. You
can't just stop the timer, do something
else, and then turn the timer back.
That's That's the whole point of the
timer. What are you talking about?
>> Continue the time. It's not like you're
eating it anyway. Continue the timer.
>> Wait, no, no, hold on. I get it. The
timer is only running if we're on
stream.
>> So, we could we could just leave the
stream for a couple days and come back
and finish it and then the timer will
reset. It'll have been like an hour
total.
>> Okay. Three.
>> This will take me to 88.
>> I just inhald the nugget. It's like
there's a nugget in my lungs. Is inside
of my lungs.
>> That's cheating. You're supposed to put
them in your stomach. [laughter]
That's not cheating. And it goes in my
body.
>> Are you sure your digestive system is
actually a part of your body?
>> Yes. What are you talking about?
>> Your chat calling me a cat is amusing.
I'm afraid that that's going to like
translate into like people thinking I'm
a furry or something, but the cat thing
has been ongoing.
>> Parker doesn't use the toilet. He uses a
litter box cuz he says
>> that is not correct cuz it's like one of
the automated ones. It just cleans for
him.
>> I do not use either of those automated
litter boxes. [laughter] Look at the
breaking news.
Listen everybody, it's time to stop
[__] around. Number 90. WITH THIS
NUGGET, WE ASCEND TO 90. [screaming]
[laughter]
That is so bad. 90,
>> dude. I can do it in an hour and a half.
If I do it under an hour, hour and a
half, will everybody think I'm cool?
Well, you go to the locker room tomorrow
and you're changing. You go over to
Jerry. You slap him on the butt. You
say, "Hey, hit the showers." And Jerry
goes, "Hey, by the way, who's Jerry?"
Dude, I have no idea where I was going
with this. [laughter]
I have no followup. What was the point
of that? OH, COOL. WELL, YOU THINK I'M
COOL? I'M GOING TO [__] DO IT through
the power of barbecue and honey mustard.
The last 10.
>> I'm about to order 10 nugies. [music]
Count these 10 towards Park's total.
>> I don't think that's going to be
[laughter] enough.
>> I think Parkser is still going to the
vomitorium after this.
>> I'm not going to vomit. I'm not going to
keep eating until I vomit.
>> I'll be in the masturbatorium until
things settle down. That's what I like
to call Parker's room. [laughter]
>> Do you masturbate in the masturbatorium?
We don't need to talk about if I have or
have not masturbated in each room of my
home. Okay, let's focus on what's
important here, which is me cramming
these in my mouth hole. Breaking
[laughter] news.
Okay, two at a time.
>> Your digestive tract is open to the
outside. There is a clear barrier
between the outside and inside. [music]
So, eating is just giving food a hug
with your body.
>> That's what I meant. Is is your
digestive system really inside your
body? That's what I meant. Cuz it's just
a hole. It's just a really long tube in
your body. It's still in your body. Is
it really in your body though? If it's
just two tubes. Wo! Oh my god. Hold on.
If I stabbed you and created a hole from
your chest to your back and there's a
hole and then I threw food inside of it,
would that food really be going into
your body? Doug is dead. He's literally
dead.
>> I think it's passed. That was a wee woo.
Full breaking alert. That was breaking
news. Closest to vomit so far. That was
close.
All right, I think I have space. I have
a brief window. I got to take care of
it.
>> Park Z. Blink twice if Doug is
threatening to shock you if you move out
of frame.
>> That's funny. You know what that's
referencing, right?
>> Yes. Oh,
>> it's rough. This is rough.
>> There's this concept called Call of the
Void. I think people more often nowadays
call it impulsive thoughts but like the
more psychological explanation for like
the label for it is called call of the
void where like you get called by the
void and your brain pers.
I had a call of the void just right now
to backhand punch Doug in the stomach
and [laughter] then watch chicken
nuggets fly out.
>> I am deteriorating rapidly. This is
concerning. Hey, sit down.
>> I will get up and
>> Oh, if we take a break, we can turn off
the timer. Remember,
>> that is not correct. [laughter] The
timer still keeps ticking.
>> That's what that one guy said.
>> That's not true.
>> We could turn off the timer and put in
the oven and come back in 6 hours.
>> Wait, what is this?
>> That's one of your toys.
This is probably what it felt like to go
to war.
>> No. What? Now I can understand what it
was like in the trenches at the solemn
seeing your life flash before your eyes
cuz you're trying to eat seven more
nuggets
50. EVERYBODY GET OH GOD. EVERYBODY
CELEBRATE. CELEBRATE RIGHT NOW. LADIES
AND GENTLEMEN, HALFWAY THERE FOR ADAM
BOXER.
OKAY.
PER, come on.
>> No, it's going to make me throw up. Make
you throw up.
>> I just bought some chicken nuggets. Do
you guys want [music] any?
>> I will vomit. Vomit so hard it pops out
of your computer keyboard. Dude, when
there's food in my mouth, I'm just
getting waves of nausea like every 10
seconds. I feel like I'm about to throw
up every 10 seconds.
Doug storing nuggets in his [music]
cheeks like chipmunks whilst Parker
performs tactical squats was not on my
bingo card.
>> I'm going to be performing tactical
sports tonight. Dude, I can't believe
how much harder the last 10 got. It's
crazy. Turn on motivation bot.
>> A wise man once said, "This is not a
wall. It's the final 4 in of the
marathon you've been running. Dig deep
and find that [applause] reserve of
resolve. Because the taste of victory is
[music] infinitely sweeter than the
regret of leaving a single task
unfinished.
>> [__] yeah.
>> Finish strong. Claim your legendary
status. You almost have this Doug.
Conquer those nudgies. [laughter] Claim
the nugget [__] king status.
>> I will be claiming that tonight. The
concern is right now. Okay, I'm turning
that off. That is too much [__] Ladies
and gentlemen, I have three left. I am
going to eat two of these. I am giving
myself to the end of this song. I will
ride the spirit of the nation to these
two nuggets. Hey, hey, hey.
OH,
[laughter]
I was so close to vomiting. I went to
start to swallow the nuggets and my body
was like, "Oh, cool. Let's throw up
everything. And that was a that was a
long fight. All right. I'm having a
brief period of not feeling nauseous.
I'm taking this right now. Oh, hold on.
99. Once I begin the final nugget, I
will complete it during and by the
United States national anthem as a
tribute to America and everything this
country stands for, which is 100 chicken
McNuggets. Any final words before we go
into battle?
>> I'm already into battle. Can we pardon
the last nugget [music] like a
Thanksgiving [laughter] turkey? Just
release it in the wild.
>> Like I put it into a bush outside.
>> With this last nugget, America will
begin its healing journey. We all needed
this. 07.
>> It's so [__] true. I'm ready. You
ready? One final one.
>> I just ate [laughter]
one.
>> That wasn't your final one, though.
>> I still have 18 minutes left.
>> Ladies and gentlemen, please rise for
the national anthem.
>> [music]
>> Come on. I can do this. Do it for
George. Honestly, this one got easier. I
think knowing it's there. Should not
have said that. Hold on. Tastes like I'm
eating a bowl of salt.
Here we go.
>> [music]
>> USA. USA. USA. AH, 100 NUGGETS. DONE.
DONE.
We did it. What do your parents think
about raising a nug addict? [laughter]
>> My mom would probably be proud. Hold on.
>> Hey, Mom. Uh, I'm on stream. As a heads
up, Mom, I'm very happy to say I just
completed the 100 McNugget challenge.
>> Oh god.
>> Mom, I ate 100 chicken McNuggets in 2
hours and 15 minutes. Are you proud of
me?
>> Oh my god.
>> Am I going to die?
>> You You might. You might.
I'm I'm sorry.
>> So, I get it. I get it. I think you want
me to say, "I'm proud of you." Doug.
>> Yeah. Yeah. We just need that as a clip,
Mom. And that way I'll edit out
everything else.
>> Okay. I am so proud of you.
>> Thank you, [screaming] Mom.
>> You are SO WELCOME.
>> YEAH.
>> You might want to try some epicat.
>> Yeah. We're not We're not allowed to
throw up, unfortunately. Don't worry,
Mom. I'll take it like a man. Just like
you raised me.
>> Oh god, it's We're the greatest.
Parkser, we saved something. I would
like to take this moment to challenge
Nandre Lwig, Barack Obama, Mussolini,
and Parkser again.
>> No, wait. Mussolini.
>> Yeah, we could dig up his body and jam
it in there. Wait, Parker, are you going
to eat more? I mean, I could probably
force myself to do like two more, but at
this point, it's like not not it's not
worth it.
>> Whoa, pogies.
>> That's not pogies. So, for for Doug, he
started feeling bad at like 40, I think
he said, and then he just keep kept on
eating. I started feeling full at around
40. Started feeling unwell at 50. You
ate 50 nuggets while feeling sick.
>> Yeah. Okay. Here's how the pain worked.
At first, very little pain. Once it got
to 20, it started to ramp up a lot
quicker than I thought. And then at 40,
it tapered out. So then it was like
this. Around 90, it like skyrocketed.
And then it was at top pain until like
the very end. And then it dipped for the
100th. So I have been in substantial
pain for about two straight hours.
>> That is mine. [laughter]
>> Okay,
there you go. And what's crazy with
right now, it's plummeting back and he's
going to do 40 more. Knock.
>> He's going to do 46 more, dude.
>> Knock.
>> One more for the road, baby.
>> [__] no. Final words.
>> Good night, everybody.